Brother Feng, what do you think if I resign?
Will you support me?
As long as you listen
Of course, but
But what
Xingyue Media
I must buy
Why?
Liu Tianhu is ruthless
If we offend him
The days after this will be tough.
Xingyue Media
A group of gold diggers who live on the rewards of the big brother
How could I let go?
This is an opportunity to make huge profits.
Phil, think about it.
Once the company fell into his hands
Don't talk about resigning then.
Even the female anchors under the company
They will become his tools to make money violently
What to do then?
Um
The only way now is
No matter what the cost
Must successfully acquire Xingyue Media
Um
Raymond Lam
How come you are here?
I'm here to interview for the position of anchorwoman
You don't know yet?
Liu Group is about to acquire Xingyue Media
With the help of Liu Group
This Star Moon Media
It will definitely become the leader in the industry
With my talent and looks
I'm sure I'll be able to make a name for myself in this industry.
At that time, Liu Tianhu
Still can't acquire Xingyue Media